======== SAMPLE 1 ========
If you
will give me some bran, I will give you bran to make rice." And they
lived happily together.


---------------------------------------------------
Old Mr. Lacy and His Three Sons


They have a tradition at Winterton that there was formerly one Mr.
Lacy, that lived there and was a very rich man, who, being grown very
aged, gave all that he had away unto his three sons, upon condition that
one should keep him one week, and another another.


But it happened within a little while that they were all weary of him,
after that they had got what they had, and regarded him no more than a
dog.


The old man perceiving how he was slighted, went to an attorney to see
if his skill could not afford him any help in his troubles. The attorney
told him that no law in the land could help him nor yield him any comfort,
but there was one thing only which would certainly do, which, if he would
perform, he would willingly suffer.


"O source of wisdom, indeed!" said the poor old man, "for such an
authority to say so! What will you give me, if I undertake your
project? If I am to undertake it, I must first see what else is there."


"There is nothing else," answered the lawyer, "for you to bid me do, and nothing
else."


"Then for God's sake, sir," said the poor man, "take me to the spring of the
rock, and throw me in there, and make a spring of it too, and let it dry up, and you
will see what will come out of it."


The lawyer, believing in his master's words, went to the spring of the
rock, and dipped the tip of his finger in the water, and quickly drew it
out. The old man, not suspecting any trick, went home, and found his
finger-tip inside the crystal.


"Well," said he, "my source of wisdom is at hand," and he felt more
certain than he had ever been before.


When the month was over the master gave Brer Fox a farm and rolled
him a six-league hole in it. Brer Fox, you see, was a smart young
cat, and he used to come to the door and make fun of the folks for not
having round round back fences, and he always said when they had anything to
eat, "They won't notice it, because they have only me to eat
them."


Brer Rabbit kept to his word. He hadn't gone very far until he
saw a house about a quarter of a mile off, and he stopped and made
a spring, as he saw them coming out of the house, and he jumped
across it, and when they were ready to cross over, he called out, "Da
kirot, Da kelpie," which is the same as Brer Fox, and the name is
haed as well. When they were ready to stop for the take, Brer Rabbit
called out, "Yentem, ye mither, put you in the middle er deep en say, Brer Fox,
weel come ter the middle er edge er fastness, Brer Rabbit, all kin be there
in five minutes."


They ne'er heard anything else, and they got upon the job in
five minutes faster than Brer Rabbit. At last they came to the place where
the big road forks -- and that's where they got to. The way was so
biterator that it went right through the middle of the woods. The
ground was so fine, you could walk across it in a week. There was
a beautiful apple tree growing on the right-hand side of the road, and
there were also roses and other beautiful flowers, and you could
easily pass several miles in front of the road without
railing against anything. There were also two new yam farms gone quite
ridiculous, but still they were a drive of a mile or two past.
There was a gentleman and a lady; they seemed very poor, but
to me they were the same, and I very well could afford to give them a visit.
So I went with them, and they had a servant girl under
their house. I asked her if she would like to be married to the
prince and heir of this kingdom. She said she would, if he
would behave herself well. No sooner were the words, "I will
marry you," said, than she immediately became waterly, little
finger, and little bird. 

I was very kind to her, and said I would not mind if she should
have my own way, and treated her as I would my own
