======== SAMPLE 1 ========
aint. "The time is now at hand," and he called to some 
of his cabinet ministers to go and put the kingdom in order. 


At last the king ordered the guards to open the prison doors and let 
them go free; upon which the king command them to seize the soldier 
and to take him prisoner and put him in a prison ship mounted on 
high. 


Next day he ordered the coastguardsman to set sail with a grand cruize 
and to go around the world in search of the sea-beach. The 
whale-ship was put in sight of the king's palace, and the officer of the 
cruise was invited to go on deck. 


He steered the ship so close to the land that she began to quiver 
when the wind began to blow. The ship was soon in the king's harbour, and the 
cook sent to ask the reason of so great a delay. The king sent also to see 
whether the colonel of the fleet was here at the time, or if there was any 
news to relate. 


The colonel answered that there was a letter from the captain of a merchant 
which informed him that the queen had been afflicted with a poison 
against the sea, and that the only remedy was, to dress her head with 
a handkerchief. The king ordered the cook to dress the queen's head, and because 
it was so dirty, they threw it into the fire. She immediately recovered 
and told the king that she had heard that at the whar is the fair 
Queen of Pöchlarsa, who is blind and deaf, and that every 
morning she asks her husband to send messengers to inquire if anything 
is the matter, and that she cannot well walk. 


The king sent another messenger to the merchant whom he had met at the 
water, and he also 
told him he had heard that the queen had been blind and deaf, and that 
it was the 
foolishness of the blind one over her that caused her this trouble. The 
king, after having asked him a number of questions about his business, returned to 
the subject, and ordered the queen to give an account of what she knew about 
the matter under the hand of the blind one. The queen swore that she knew 
nothing about it, and that her husband had told her that she had pressed the 
king to let her speak to him. The king ordered the queen to give an account of 
what she knew about the matter, and the queen filled out the declaration. 
 
The king ordered the queen to be blinded with a horn and told her to strike the 
woman who was standing before her with it, and she would see that what she 
perceived was the truth. The blind woman went to the king and 
told him everything, and he ordered the blind woman to be put to 
death.


Now the king had a most powerful magician, and he took the confession from 
the queen and asked him to strike the blind woman dead with this instrument. 
The magician agreed, and the rope was DOTTED away, and the 
miscreant immediately vanished.


---------------------------------------------------
The Priest's Supper
 
There was once a man and a woman who had an only child, and 
it boils down to this: They were married, and they loved each other 
with all their hearts, but they hated each other's children. 
Now, you must know that this was a run of the luckiest luck that they 
could have known, and the more they hated each other's children, the 
worse it got. The road was long, and they wandered a long way 
over poor Old Nick's garden before they reached home. 
 
At last, they set off home again, and just as they were leaving 
he had something given to him, and he said, "Nick a met a yeh! 
Ayeh! says he, "Nick a g'en ye're g'ing han', ye're g'ing lose." 
 
He gave him a present, an' asked him whence it came. He said, "I'1l go han'n now" (I'1l go han'n now). 
 
He said to the sparrow, "Quit your calling, you miserable little" (quitting call). 
 
The sparrow said, "I'll not call you any more, seeing thou wilt not keep my 
witty words." 
 
While they were talking thus, encouraging one another, they saw a very 
beautiful girl pass by. They
