======== SAMPLE 1 ========
there. 
 
When the first daughter was about to go to church, the 
preacher said, "Do not you mourn unceasingly today?" 
 
"Yes, rejoicing in her loss!" they answered. "Weeping makes us ill 
feeling, and we weep more than we rejoice!" 
 
"Yes," the preacher said, "if you will follow my advice. You are now 
incharge of the cows. Find their millet, and when it is gathered, bring it 
to me on Friday." 
 
Then each one of them said, "Related to your position, may I request a 
cup of milk immediately?" 
 
The herdsman answered, "Yes, give me a cup of milk!" 
 
What could the other two do? If he wished for some milk, he must 
go to the herdsman. Some time later the herdsman came on a day when 
the demand for milk was greatest. He saw the other two and 
asked, "Related to your position, may I request a cup of milk?" 
 
"Yes, give me a cup of milk!" they answered. 
 
What could he do? The situation was serious. The 
sexton disappeared, and the farmer lost his land and his cattle. He 
took to his heels, and hurried to the 
woni
. 
Woni was asleep, so he did not stir. The farmer went to the 
woni's wife and said, "My dear 
wife, I am poor, and I have no money to buy butter. If you 
could give me a little 
ovard
, I would give you my little daughter to 
bring to my poor home." 
 
The 
woni
 gave the man a 
ovard
 and said, "I will give you my little daughter to 
bring to your poor home. But take care! Do not tell anyone of 
it." 
 
The man took the little girl out of the basket, and washed her head 
in the water. Then he said, "I will come to you again, dear 
wife." 
 
Some time afterwards his wife disappeared. He received a letter from 
his bank clerk stating that the bank was to be moved out of the 
town. The man of the house went to the rich man's house, and showed him 
the bank. When the rich man saw the plague in the field, he was 
angry, and began to beat his wife, until she finally left him. 
 
He took the child with him, and since that time he has not had a 
single daughter. 
 

---------------------------------------------------
The Son Forgave His Father

In olden times it was the custom in a certain town that when the master of the house became old his son had to take him away and drown him. 

A young man's father became old, and he said to his father, "come with me. The time has come for you to be drowned." 

The poor old man followed along and was about to be drowned. 

His son said to him, "Why are you afraid? I will save you. The time has 
come for you to be drowned." 
 
As his father did not refuse him, he obeyed. 

After getting old his father often remonstrated with him, saying, "I shall not be able to earn one penny more, and you will lose all your merchandise. You should have been baptized in the baptisms of your 
ancestors. 

His son obeyed his father, and therefore had to perform such baptisms abroad. He baptized the bastard boys in the same manner as the legitimate children. Thus the children were taught to pray. Every day they went to pray in the churchyard. 
 
When the day came where they were to be drowned, the hyena boys appeared and asked: "O father, are we to be drowned?" 
 
"Yes," said the father, "if you will observe your commands." 
 
So the boys were drowned, but the hyena boys remained alive. 
 
When the boys' father saw that his children were still alive, he wanted to marry them. 
 
One day he sent one of the boys to run errands, and the boy returned saying that he had finished his errand. 
 
"But," said the father, "did I not tell you that it would be a sin and a great hindrance to your future happiness if you were to marry him? He is not a man of honor. He is only happy when he hears advice
